README.md, before:

# Dotfile structure

3 different folders contain the configuration for Will's dotfiles.

- `personal/`
- `work/`
- `misc/`
- server/

With both the personal and work, these are set up for Linux. The idea is to run a script that will set up symplink from the home directory (or `.config/`) to the Dotfiles repo. Execute a script to setup.

## Neovim

Install Neovim using homebrew to get the latest version

### Neovim with VSCode

Keybindings should be set up to be similar, don't worry too much about this. Only use vscode when you really need to.

## Tmux

Make sure to fetch the plugins for tmux, can be done by pressing

```
C-Space + I
```

- Make sure to hit shift+i to make it capital...

## Other dependencies

- zoxide
- batcat
- fdfind
- fzf
- delta
- lazydocker [lazydocker](https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazydocker)
- ripgrep
- libreadline-dev
- [vet](https://github.com/vet-run/vet?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)
  npm
- mermaid.cli (install locally rather than globally)
- [navi](https://github.com/denisidoro/navi?tab=readme-ov-file)
- In-depth CLI cheatsheet
- luajit
- libmagickwand-dev
- cargo

## Language Specifics

- Bacon (use cargo install bacon)

Commit message:

README updates, updated tmux config to be more focused on plugins

README.md, after:

# Dotfile structure

3 different folders contain the configuration for Will's dotfiles.

- `personal/`
- `work/`
- `misc/`
- server/

With both the personal and work, these are set up for Linux. The idea is to run a script that will set up symplink from the home directory (or `.config/`) to the Dotfiles repo. Execute a script to setup.

## WSL

- Make sure to have WSL in mirrored mode
- Make sure to use or not use system d in building/linking
-

## Neovim

Install Neovim using homebrew to get the latest version

### Neovim with VSCode

Keybindings should be set up to be similar, don't worry too much about this. Only use vscode when you really need to.

## Tmux

- Clone tpm (tmux plugin manager) before using tmux

```shell
git clone https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm ~/.tmux/plugins/tpm
```

Make sure to fetch the plugins for tmux, can be done by pressing

```
C-Space + I
```

- Make sure to hit shift+i to make it capital...

## Other dependencies

- zoxide
- batcat
- fdfind
- fzf
- delta
- lazydocker [lazydocker](https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazydocker)
- ripgrep
- libreadline-dev
- [vet](https://github.com/vet-run/vet?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)
  npm
- mermaid.cli (install locally rather than globally)
- [navi](https://github.com/denisidoro/navi?tab=readme-ov-file)
- In-depth CLI cheatsheet
- luajit
- libmagickwand-dev
- cargo

## Language Specifics

- Bacon (use cargo install bacon)
